for more than 50 years a Duras has led
the way in fiberglass sport fishing
vessels and the 68 and closed bridge
convertible is an exceptional
accomplishment with this highly regarded
company from New Bern North Carolina
shooting star is a 2011 model with three
staterooms Plus fruit starting here in
the cockpit you will find teeth decks in
air-conditioned mezzanine seating all of
the necessities art course fishing are
included
next enter the main salon which features
high gloss cherry wood and granite
countertops
the spacious u-shaped lounge is off to
port with open galley forward and
dinette across now down the stairwell
and app is a full beam master suite with
king-sized bed and suite bathroom and an
abundance of closet and drawer space
next forward to port is the guest cabin
with twin births which slide together if
desired including men sweet and sour the
crew quarters are to starboard
this cabin shares the bathroom lost the
hallway which also serves as a day head
furthest forward is the VIP stateroom
with island between Earth and ensuite
bathroom
laundry Cindy companion you reach the
enclosed libraries by the internal
stairwell here in the salon or from the
cockpit latter the advantages over an
open bridge are considerable quiet
operation air conditioned and heated
belter from inclement weather and a most
civilized meeting place the helm is
impacted by an incredible array of
electronics and navigational aid there
is seating with docking and polling
stations after bridge
the full beam stand-up engine room
access from the cockpit hosts the c32
asserts with transferable warranties and
cruise a reasonable 25 knots of speed
shooting star is a most versatile port
fishing yacht that will allow you to
cruise and fish in the ultimate style
and comfort